{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\b\f0\fs24 Version History\b0\fs16\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.8\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Certain item types were being saved with the wrong ID.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Handle Invalid path exception without crashing.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.7\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Support for GH:WT, GH:M and GH:SH/GH (Not all platforms have been tested)\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Copy and Paste to the Qb Item tree structures. You can also copy and paste over different files.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Qb Item value to the Qb Item list.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Number search\par
 - \b Added\b0 : The ability to create new files in the PAK\par
 - \b Added\b0 : The ability to add new files to the PAK\par
 - \b Added\b0 : The ability to rename files in the PAK\par
 - \b Added\b0 : The ability to remove files from files to the PAK\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Ability to import and export array types to text files, for power editing.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Type to files in PAK list.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Qb Item list so it now shows the QbKey when no debug name is found\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : App structure by splitting the core out to a dll (Queen Bee Parser). As used by TheGHOST and RawkSD.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : The name of StringPointer to QbKeyString\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : The name of StringPointerB to StringPointer\par
 - \b Added\b0 : New QbKeyStringQs types - these point to the qs.pak of strings.  Editing is not supported in Queen Bee, export the related text file, edit and import\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : QbKey search so that entered text can be matched against QbKeys even when no debug file is loaded (full text match only).\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Errors when paths are not found when loading / saving scripts etc.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Double  in debug path when loading pak files from the root of a drive\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : File access to readonly files can be opened without errors.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.6\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Test All QB files now skips non QB files, rather than stopping with an error.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Entering a QB Key in hex mode will lookup the text value from the debug file.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.5\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Script editor, pressing Enter/Return on the text box will simulate the Set button being clicked.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Script editor now has full exception handling.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Calculates QB File ID after file has loaded rather on first request.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : All formats support optional PAB file (Fixes formats where some PAKs have a PAB and some don't).\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : When loading a PAK/PAB file the top item in the list is selected automatically.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Correctly set tab orders for Array and Script Editors.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : PC WPC PAK loading, some PAKS failed.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Added exception handling to XBox Compress / Decompress.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.4\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Script length bug (again).\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.3\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Script length bug.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.2\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : QB items context menu allows Add Child when no item is selected.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : QB remove item now has extra checking to prevent exceptions.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Simple array editor now has full exception handling.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Suppressed any exception messages when loading debug (other than when using the 'Load' button on the PAK tab).\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Null object bug when searching for QB Key by CRC (Hex).\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Scripts are only compressed if they are smaller than the uncompressed version.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Text boxes that accept Return now work on Key Down rather than Key Up.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Custom QB Key name was being wiped from QB item list on update.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : QB item editor is cleared if no QB item is selected in the list.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.1\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : QB Structure Editing, Right-clicking QB item structure pops up a menu with items for adding and removing items.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Array Editing, Right-clicking array items pops up a menu with items for adding and removing items.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Added support for Xbox (xbx) format used in Tony Hawk's Project 8.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Array editor, pressing Enter/Return on the text box will simulate the Set button being clicked.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : QB Keys can now contain '.'.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Included '=' in the recognised character set when detecting strings in scripts.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Issue when Updating a type when the Data Type has been switched from string to hex.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Incorrect filename was being shown on exceptions when testing QB file.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Error displaying Calculated and Written length difference had the names transposed.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Stopped the 'You have not saved changes' message box popping when changing tabs if a new QB is been loaded.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Disable the 'Save to File' button when loading a new QB is been loaded.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : 00000000 QBKeys are visible editable for items that have them.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Script editor let you update a QB item when QB Key or Unknown was invalid.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Generic Edit Item bug where Data Type button displayed the wrong type name and text was formatted incorrectly.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v1.0\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Added icon for Midi QB files in PAK list.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Added support for PC (wpc) format used in Tony Hawk's American Wasteland.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Now displays the file extension in Format dropdown list.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : PAK file 'Extract...' and 'Replace...' failed when '/' was present in the filename.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Filename not being shown on exceptions when testing QB file.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Issue when Updating a type when the Data Type has been switched from the default in the Generic Editor.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v0.5\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : XBox Support.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Script Uncompression / Compression.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Script Editor Panel, displays hex as well as found strings in the script hex.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : String search searches for strings within scripts.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Search filter context menu. Right-click search results and select an item from the menu.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Array Editor Panel.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : QB Keys can now be edited using the debug string text or crc.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : New QB key strings are saved to a file named '<pak file>.UserDbg' so they are not lost on reload.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : New QB keys are tested to ensure they do not have the same CRC as an existing debug CRC.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Ability to search for QB Keys with text as well as hex.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Hourglass pointer to Load PAK and Searches.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Item QB Keys are now editable.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Item QB Key now shown at the top of the generic edit list (if present).\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Integer data types are now displayed as signed int as default.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Items that don't have QB Keys no longer have an item displaying '00000000'.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Status bar to show PAB info (if available)\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : 'Vector' datatype name to 'Floats'\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Section, Array and StructItem 'Vector' datatype name to 'FloatsX2'\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Section, Array and StructItem 'Vector3d' datatype name to 'FloatsX3'\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Rewrote internal state loading and saving.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Rewrote the help pages. \par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Flickering bug when moving between QB items.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : 'Extract All...' no longer displays a success message when the folder dialog was cancelled.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : 'Extract File...' and 'Replace File...' now only save the path to the .config file.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v0.4\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Fixed a couple of bugs with StringW (unicode) strings.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Stopped PAB being loaded when no PAB was selected by user.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Detect reading outside of PAK/PAB file and raise an exception.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v0.3\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : PS2 support\par
 - \b Added\b0 : PC support\par
 - \b Added\b0 : ConfigVersion to config file to help config migration for future updates\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Unicode support for PC (tested) and XBox (untested), Wii uses 8bit chars for the StringW datatype, should support all combinations of machine endian and file endian.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Icons for different file types within a Pak file .\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : String2 item types to StringW (Wide/Unicode).\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Version number system to x.x from x.x.x.x.\par
 - \b Changed\b0 : Selecting PAK will try and locate PAB and DBG files in the same folder.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v0.0.0.2\b0\fs16\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Search tab. Search by String or QB Key.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Save and restore splitter positions.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Save and restore column widths positions and sort order.\par
 - \b Added\b0 : Prompt when leaving QB tab with un saved items.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Improved performance on PAK load.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Internal form title tweak.\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Form size and position save and restore (for maximise).\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : All QB Keys are displayed and edited as Big Endian (previously the hardware default).\par
 - \b Fixed\b0 : Issue where if item had too many items Windows would run out of handles. Now shows message.\par
 - \b Removed\b0 : 'Open QB >>' button from first tab.\par
\par
\b\fs20 v0.0.0.1\b0\fs16\par
 - First Release.\par
\par
}
 